---
title: Services
layout: subpage
---
My firm offers a services to non-profit organizations . Because my firm is small and focuses only on non-profit organizations, my clients benefit by getting personalized, quality service. Below I have listed the services that I offer to my clients along with a brief description.

As the list below is by no means all-inclusive, please feel free to inquire about a service if you do not see it listed. If it is not a service I provide, I would be more than happy to refer you to a qualified professional.

 * [Specializing in Not-for-Profits](#Specializing in Not-for-Profits)
 * [Accounting Services](#Accounting Services)
 * [Reviews & Compilations](#Reviews & Compilations)
 * [Financial Statements](#Financial Statements)
 * [Cash Flow & Budgeting Analysis](#Cash Flow & Budgeting Analysis)
 * [Tax Services](#Tax Services)
 * [Consulting Services](#Consulting Services)
 * [Bookkeeping/Write-Up](#Bookkeeping/Write-Up)
 * [IRS Representation](#IRS Representation)

<h3 id="Specializing in Not-for-Profits">Specializing in Not-for-Profits <a href="#">^</a></h3>

I specialize in accounting, reporting, tax compliance, and general business consulting for not-for-profit organizations. I provide assistance in obtaining federal and state tax exemptions.

<h3 id="Accounting Services">Accounting Services <a href="#">^</a></h3>

Providing financial information to my clients in a timely and accurate manner is a firm commitment. Meaningful, well-organized financial records ensure that your organization will run more efficiently on a daily basis. My firm provides a full range of cost effective accounting services including the following:

  * General ledger & financial statement preparation
  * Bookkeeping (Monthly/Quarterly/Annual)
  * Accounting system setup for new businesses

<h3 id="Reviews & Compilations">Reviews & Compilations <a href="#">^</a></h3>

I view my role in the financial reporting process as an opportunity to provide
constructive solutions for maximizing your company's profitability and
efficiency. I provide financial reporting on two levels of assurance:

  * Review analytical procedures conducted with limited assurance
  * Compilation based upon client information provided and used primarily for internal use.

<h3 id="Financial Statements">Financial Statements <a href="#">^</a></h3>

I can assist you in the preparation of your financial statements in accordance
with professional standards, but express no opinion or any other form of
assurance on the underlying information included in them. The financial
statements produced can be a useful tool for management for making financial
decisions.

<h3 id="Cash Flow & Budgeting Analysis">Cash Flow & Budgeting Analysis <a href="#">^</a></h3>

An organization can be profitable and still run into trouble due to cash flow
issues. I can forecast and evaluate your organization's financial condition,
estimate financing requirements, and track cash-flow sources and uses.

<h3 id="Tax Services">Tax Services <a href="#">^</a></h3>

I prefer to take a proactive vs. reactive approach to tax services. By keeping
current on new tax laws and legislation, I am in a position to identify key
tax planning opportunities that minimize both your current and future tax
liabilities.

<h3 id="Consulting Services">Consulting Services <a href="#">^</a></h3>

I gauge my worth by the successes of my clients. I can
help your organization identify areas negatively affecting profitability and
growth and develop solutions that are practical and technically sound. In
addition to acting as a sounding board for management, I provide
comprehensive, flexible strategies that address the issues affecting your
organization. The following are just a few of the areas in which I provide
consulting services:

  * Accounting software selection and implementation
  * Computer systems
  * Governance

<h3 id="Bookkeeping/Write-Up">Bookkeeping/Write-Up <a href="#">^</a></h3>

Meaningful, well-organized financial records ensure that your business
operations will run more efficiently on a daily basis and are the foundation
of a successful business. My network of bookeepers can assist you with the day-to-
day tasks associated with bookkeeping.

<h3 id="IRS Representation">IRS Representation <a href="#">^</a></h3>

During my years of experience dealing with many taxing authorities, I have
achieved a level of competence that can ensure my clients they are being
properly represented before the various federal and state tax agencies.